Add the preparation section in create-a-release.md (#155)
apache/kvrocks-website: community/create-a-release.md

* [Release Distribution Policy](https://infra.apache.org/release-distribution)
* [Release Creation Process](https://infra.apache.org/release-publishing.html)

> ## Prepare

Author: ```suggestion
## Preparation
```

> Before the formal release process, in order to ensure that the version release is more open and formal, we have formulated the following process.

Author: ```suggestion
Before the ASF release process, in order to ensure that the version release is more open and formal, we have formulated the following process.
```

> For Feature Release, this preparation process usually takes one week or more. 

Author: ```suggestion
For Feature Release, this preparation process usually takes about one week. 
```

The Release Proposal should include at least the following:
- Whether this release is a Feature Release or Patch Release (to be explained later)
- The release version number
- The commits added in this release compared to the previous version (please indicate whether rebase/cherry-pick is needed to remove commits from or add commits to the unstable branch)
- A deadline for cherry-picking period (only applicable to Feature Releases)

Where:
Feature Release: Typically denoted as `X.Y.0`, this type of release introduces new features along with other enhancements and bug fixes.
Patch Release: Usually represented as `X.Y.Z`, this type of release is based on the version `X.Y.0` and includes only bug-fix patches without any new features.

### Create the release branch

If no one objects to the Release Proposal in the previous step, the Release Manager can create a new branch `X.Y` (Patch Releases do not need to create a branch and can directly use the existing release branch `X.Y`).

The Release Manager can determine the deadline for publicizing the Release Proposal on their own, which is usually one to three days.

### The cherry-picking period

> For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting for one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.

Author: ```suggestion
For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting for 5 days to one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.
```

> For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting for 5 days to one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.

Author: I am not particularly sure about the length of the cherry-picking period. Everyone can give some opinions.

Reviewer: I prefer at least 72 hours which is aligned with ASF vote policy, so that the release managers don't need to keep different time windows in mind.

Author: I am not sure if 72 hours are enough for a cherry-pick window, since maybe developers need several days to test, find problems, and open pull requests.

Reviewer 2: 72 hours (3 days) seems like a reasonable period for transferring critical fixes from the unstable branch (in theory they already should be tested to some extent). I think, 5 or more days is a significant amount of time because a lot of fixes can be accumulated.

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's fine since 72 hours is the minimal test period before calling the release vote. The release manager can decide to wait for more than 72 hours if he/she thinks it's not enough for the current release.

Author: > 72 hours (3 days) seems like a reasonable period for transferring critical fixes from the unstable branch (in theory they already should be tested to some extent). I think, 5 or more days is a significant amount of time because a lot of fixes can be accumulated.

For fixes that already in the unstable branch, they will just be initial commits of the release branch.
So in this period, RM should wait for new fixes, from finding, issue, pull request and merging to unstable branch, which should take a long time.

Reviewer 3: I think we might keep the same? Since that if bugfix requires cherry-pick, it should also be verified for feature release?

> For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting for 3 days to one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.

Author: ```suggestion
For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting from 3 days to one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.
```

During this period, newly merged bug fixes (especially those related to security) in the unstable branch will be unconditionally cherry-picked into the release branch,
while other types of commits (especially new features) need to declare specific reasons and reply to the Release Proposal to apply for cherry-picking into the release branch. The final decision-making power lies with the Release Manager.

Patch Releases do not require this process.

### Start the official release vote

> After the cherry-picking period, the Release Manager can proceed with the formal release process, 

Author: ```suggestion
After the cherry-picking period, the Release Manager can proceed with the ASF release process, 
```

### The cherry-picking period

> For Feature Release, after creating a new branch, it will enter a cherry-picking period, usually lasting for 3 days to one week. The Release Manager will provide the deadline in the Release Proposal.

Reviewer 2: `for` => `from`.

Author: done
